

The Public Invention Math-a-thon is dedicated to a harassment-free virtual-conference experience for everyone. Our anti-harassment policy can be found at:

Long public version

The Public Invention Math-a-thon is dedicated to providing a harassment-free virtual conference experience for everyone regardless of math skill, native language, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of virtual conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any virtual conference venue, including talks. Virtual Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the virtual conference at the discretion of the virtual conference organizers.

Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
Verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination.
Sexual images in public spaces
Deliberate intimidation, or stalking
Harassing photography or recording
Sustained disruption of talks or other events
Inappropriate physical contact
Unwelcome sexual attention
Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour
Enforcement
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, event organisers retain the right to take any actions to keep the event a welcoming environment for all participants. This includes warning the offender or expulsion from the virtual conference [with no refund].
Event organisers may take action to redress anything designed to, or with the clear impact of, disrupting the event or making the environment hostile for any participants.
We expect participants to follow these rules at all event venues and event-related social activities. We think people should follow these rules outside event activities too!

Reporting

If someone makes you or anyone else feel unsafe or unwelcome, please report it as soon as possible by sending email to <read.robert@gmail.com>. Harassment and other code of conduct violations reduce the value of our event for everyone. We want you to be happy at our event. People like you make our event a better place.

Report

You can make a personal report by emailing Robert L. Read at <read.robert@gmail.com>, direct messaging Rob in the Slack channel,
or calling Rob's phone number which will be made prominently available in the electronic forums at the time of the hackathon.



